Your thoughts are emotionally charged, but you'll find that this can be used to your advantage. You have a great deal of knowledge at your disposal, and you aren't afraid to throw in a little drama just for the fun of it. Your dramatic flair will take you far on a day like today. Don't hesitate to get exactly what you want.
The fast-paced frenzy of the day is just what you need to jump-start your brain and get it moving in the right direction. Take control of the fire within and keep it strong all day. You'll find that there's a more personal aspect to your thoughts, and you can think more rationally about your emotions. Your heart and your head are working well together. 
Charge ahead and use your emotions to fuel your fire. You have plenty of mental acumen today that can help break through any puzzle. New beginnings are underway in many areas of your life. There's no reason to delay any longer than you already have. Take this opportunity to live up to your full potential and make things happen for yourself. 
Much of your focus is internal, but today it would behoove you to turn some of that energy outward. Take this opportunity to make a leap of faith in the right direction. You have a great deal of bite behind your words. Don't underestimate your power and bravery. Just be careful that you don't start arguments over petty issues that aren't worth losing friends over.
This month will be complicated. Make sure to use the full moon to your advantage by accomplishing some spring cleaning in your life and also your bad habits. Make an effort to be more kind to those around you even as you reach your breaking point this month. Reflect on your past and the foundation you've built for yourself.
This month will be busy and your social life will skyrocket! Be careful of what drama you decide to get involved in, think twice about that subtweet. Use your intense emotions for good this month. You might be a little forgetful this month, don't buy anything too expensive, and make sure to clearly communicate with those around you. There will be some signs of an awakening later on, keep your eyes open for them!
You're always busy, but it's ramping up a little bit this month! You love home so make sure that you're carrying comforting items with you. The work you do this month will help you achieve your goals for the next six months. Let people contribute to your happiness this month, they will come to be an important part of your life. Reach out to others for help when you find yourself stuck.
Long-distance travel could be in your future. Don't give anyone your full trust without doing the work to make sure they're worthy of it. You might feel a little bit stuck this month, but use this time as a research period of sorts before making any big decisions. Leave some time for yourself to try something new or spend time with friends. Avoid drama at all costs, and make sure to resolve whatever issues you've been having with any of the male figures (especially your father) in your life.
Prepare for this month to be intense. You're focused on one person or project, but you're alert and observant. Epiphanies are headed your way and they could lead to big transformations in your love life, financial status, and career. Consider making a vision board and thinking about some of the bigger goals you want to achieve in the next six months. Keep doing things you love and watch the positivity flow into your life!
Spring cleaning is here! This is the perfect time to get organized, start a new workout routine, or remember to take your vitamins in the morning. This month will leave a lot of time for reflection on the past, take that time and don't brush it off, what you accomplish this month will help you for the rest of the year. Pay special attention to your closest relationships at the end of the month, reflect on how well you're being fulfilled in them.
It's spring and the possibilities are endless! With how optimistic you are, this might be your favorite season. Be present in the moment at all times this month. This month is a good time to start making new, healthy, habits. Just make sure you stick to it! It's not about being a smaller size, it's about doing something good for yourself. If you feel better on the inside, it will radiate outward.
You've had a busy year so far. Don't worry though, this month is all about down time. You might hit a couple of rough spots, but remember to dance it off, keep your head up, and smile big. The end of the month could bring about a child, or brainchild. You'll be entering a more public role in your life around this time. Make sure you really want to be in this position though, take your time and think on it. This could impact a lot of things down the road.
It's time to socialize! Reach out in your community to people you might not have thought about talking to before. You're likely to draw some good friends into your circle this month. It could get a little overwhelming by the end of it all though, don't be scared to take some time for yourself at home and don't overbook your schedule! Start mapping out where you see yourself in the next six months. Where will you live? Where will you work? This is the time to start planning!
It's time to start making your dreams a reality! You've changed a lot in the past year, and now you can start building your life to reflect the new person you've become. Make sure to take a break from the serious work and have some lighthearted fun. The end of the month could create the start of an important professional relationship. Take it slow, work on a couple of smaller projects together, there's plenty of time to work with this new person.
A productive kind of energy will bring money and possessions to the very front of your mind today. You may need to make a serious decision as a result, but it's one you've seen coming for a while, so not to worry. If you need extra cash, you might also consider taking on a part-time job, maybe even something that involves a hobby. It might actually be fun.
Recently, you placed your trust in someone the rest of the world had completely abandoned -- and as it turned out, you were absolutely right. Now you're being asked to lend your support to someone with a similar track record. Forget what anyone tries to tell you about logic, statistics or typical behavior and don't feel obligated one way or the other. Let your intuition guide you like it did last time.
Every now and then, you need to spend some time alone, thinking about what's really important to you. Take that time now -- you really shouldn't let anyone convince you otherwise. Cancel your appointments and sit down quietly in a place you know you won't be disturbed. Take your time. When you're done, you'll want to share your thoughts with the ones you love. Call them -- they'll be glad to hear from you.
Your family members have a big surprise in store for you -- a very big surprise. Does that mean you should worry about what's coming or head for the hills? Certainly not. Really, your only option is to hold on tight and ride the ride -- which may actually be rather fun. Oh, and when this all goes down, pretend to be surprised.
That emotional mood you were in yesterday hasn't gone anywhere just yet. You want to sit down with the person you love best and tell them all about it. So what's the problem? They'll be delighted, and you know it. If you're afraid of getting hurt, try to figure out where that's coming from. Chances are it's something from the past -- not the present -- that's convinced you revealing your feelings makes you emotionally vulnerable
Getting you into the car for a long-distance trip -- or on a bus, a plane or a space shuttle, for that matter -- has never been much of a challenge. But once you've set down roots, you hate to move. Well, prepare yourself, because today's unsettling energy could bring this urge your way. If you've been thinking about a change anyway, take a deep breath and put some of those thoughts down on paper. Anything's possible, right?
After days of wondering what to do -- while pretending you have everything under strict control -- you're suddenly ready to admit you don't quite know what to do. Should you let go and buy what you want, or tighten up that belt and leave it alone? You can't do this alone. Ask the advice of a trusted friend, someone who has no agenda.
Fasten your seatbelt and put your tray-table in the upright position. Some serious turbulence is en route, and bracing yourself before it happens is the only way to get through it. Even if you don't emerge from the experience totally unscathed, you'll definitely be a lot better off than some of your unprepared friends. You can try warning them, by the way, but don't expect them to take you seriously.
you have every right to use all of your skills -- not just your intelligence -- when working toward a goal. Today's the day to pull out your secret weapon: your brilliant charm! Flash that smile and tell people just how wonderful you think they are. Folks enjoy being recognized for their unique contributions. You know how to boost someone's ego appropriately, without flirtation and manipulation.
Someone's not happy with one or more of your habits. Your first clue? The all-too-frequent lectures on self-discipline, willpower and just saying no. You'd think they would know you well enough to understand that these tactics don't work well on you -- and if they keep it up, you'll only become more determined to have your way. Just try to find a balance between the wisdom of what they're saying and your own need for independence.
Today, you will clash with some fucking bullshit code. It will be trying, but remember, the logs are your friend. Do not despair, reach out to the other R&D memebers. If all else fails, curse salesforce and go home early, secure in the knowledge that tomorrow will bring new revelations and a new understanding of the problem you are facing. 
The moon is in a favorable position, which may swing the tide in your favor. This Tuesday, you will clean out your office refrigerator — something you have been meaning to do for months. Unfortunately, not all is favorable for you in the coming weeks. Your favorite coffee machine will break unexpectedly, while maintenance is nowhere to be found.
Your prosperity is on the rise this year. Persistent efforts at home pay off. Autumn brings two years of growth and benefits through communications. Introspection, reflection and planning this winter leads to a revitalizing energy surge. Harness your passio
Creativity and communications come easier. Investigate and research a fascination. Master the rules to break and mold them. Write, record and share what you're learning.
At first, it seems as if the day is passing you by and that you are watching it on a screen, unable to interact with the events. After a few false starts, you begin to worry that you will miss your chance to make anything positive happen at all. However, delays can be used in your favor while you sharpen your analytical tools. Still, you must take a leap of faith today in order to get into the flow or you’ll end up looking back at your inaction with frustration. 
You are tempted to disengage from social interactions today, simply do your work and then return to your cozy nest. You don’t feel like talking to anyone because they might ruin your peaceful state of mind. Nevertheless, human connection, like meditation and rest, is an essential ingredient to your emotional well-being. Overcoming uncertainty doesn’t require you to do anything differently now as long as you keep your mind open. 
You might be playing with the idea of taking a day trip with a few of your closest friends. Although you can benefit from doing something outside your regular work hours, you also look forward to squeezing some fun activities into your work schedule today. Give yourself permission to feel good; enjoying the present moment is a decision you get to make every single moment. 
Your thoughts may run all over the place today as you consider your role in a current partnership. Nevertheless, your common sense prevails, even if it’s not obvious how you justify your conclusions. Ultimately, fear can rule the day unless you consciously choose the high road. However, keeping your heart open is more than just stating your intention. Walking a mile in another person’s shoes drastically alters your perspective. Never assume you know what's going on until you do.
You could accomplish amazing things today once you gain control of your own mind. But simply stating your intention is not enough; you must actually know you can do it. Naturally, it may be tricky to maintain your positive attitude while you’re in the midst of the flurry of current events. Escape the negative consequences of past actions by changing your frame of reference. 
You tend to thrive when so many different issues demand your attention. There’s little opportunity for boredom to settle in now, especially if you continue to say yes to everyone who brings you a problem or an unfinished project. Thankfully, you won’t likely feel overloaded if you are doing what you love; you can easily keep up with your responsibilities when your mission is clear. 
Someone might think your self-protective nature could be detrimental, preventing you from reaching your goals. Oddly enough, most people don’t even know what your objectives are, no less your plans for achieving them. Meanwhile, you realize that when you don’t feel emotionally secure, you’re too preoccupied to concentrate on your to-do list. However, you transform into a miracle worker once you know your needs are met and your heart is safe from harm
Almost everyone may leave you alone today, and you really don’t mind the distance at all. However, you begin to long for uplifting interpersonal connections as the day wears on. Thankfully, you don’t need to try very hard in your search for companionship now. Once you make your availability known, potential partners-in-crime appear everywhere you look. Nevertheless, it’s still up to you to decide which one is the most compatible with your goals. Remember, it’s the friends you meet along the way that help you appreciate the journey.
You could be feeling more vulnerable today than anyone realizes. You can easily hide behind your words because they sound more combative than you intend. Meanwhile, your real emotions are buried out of sight in hopes that no one will see them. Nevertheless, you don’t need to accept the status quo if you choose to break through your fear of sharing your heart. 
You can tell something’s not quite right today; it’s as if someone close to you is pulling away but won’t admit it. Unfortunately, sobering Saturn is crossing paths with the Virgo Sun, restricting the flow of love and light. There is a lesson for you to learn now, but the temporary isolation is not indicative of a permanent condition. Examine your own feelings to see if you’re the one who is retreating emotionally. 
Taking others under your wing at work today is a challenging process, especially if you’re feeling a bit insecure yourself. You want only the best people involved in your project, but you don’t necessarily enjoy it if they outshine you. Nevertheless, you can’t help but nurture those who need it the most now. Meanwhile, staying connected with your friends during the process is a good idea because it allows you to move through the rough spots without missing a beat. Competition makes us faster; collaboration makes us better.
There are thoughts you want to share but you struggle with putting them out in the open. You are protective of your ideas and don’t want anyone else to know about them until they are further along in their development. You are eager to hone your vision into ready-for-prime-time shape, but may be strapped for time now. Fortunately, your commitment to excellence motivates you to return to this personal work when you can.
It's not that you're out of control, but you are behaving a little recklessly. Particularly considering the way you usually act. You're taking well-calculated risks, though, so don't feel the need to stop yourself. You've simply weighed things and decided that this would be the perfect time to go after what -- and who -- you want. And you're absolutely right. Share Share Share Share
You're as organized as could be, but you've been dealing with some crazy nonsense for far too long, particularly when it comes to a pending family matter -- and it's absolutely making you nuts. If you haven't sat the involved partied down for a heart to heart, you'd better do it soon. Things are about to boil over, and you'll be the one who gets burned.
You're just going to love today's astrological blend of energies. Permanence and stability are in the air, and promises made will undoubtedly be promises kept. So, just this once, instead of automatically expecting people to go back on their word, you can expect that they won't. In fact, you and a dear one can even establish a deeper trust if you have that conversation you've been putting off. Oh, go ahead. It's about time, isn't it?
You have a couple of delightful days coming your way, the couple of days out of every month when you are most inclined to devote absolutely every waking moment to the one you adore. Fortunately -- and this doesn't happen all that often -- this dreamy period has commenced on the eve of a weekend. So you're golden, straight through to Monday. Needless to say, this calls for a celebration. Start planning.
A work-related matter that's been on hold -- making you absolutely crazy for the past several weeks -- is about to come to a happy close. Not quite yet, however, and not nearly soon enough. If you can manage to pull together just a bit more of that legendary ability to wait things out, you'll be golden. How about it? Got it in you? You bet you do.
Most folks might wonder what to do with themselves today, with so many mixed feelings circulating in the heavens. You, however, will do just fine with the assortment of astral energies. You'll find at least one interesting person for a heart-to-heart chat, one project to finish and one delectable someone to continue wooing. If you have any time left, help someone who's completely lost.
You're in quite an unusual mood, aren't you? Not at all up for your typical pursuits: partying, laughing with friends and chatting up new people. No, today you're after intensity. That doesn't mean you won't be spending time with dear ones, but you will be asking for more from them than just light-hearted banter. The good news is they won't mind a bit. When it's time to choose a topic for conversation, they might even beat you to it.
You have only one thing to do before you settle down for some serious recreation with your favorite playmates: Make sure all your business is taken care of. You wouldn't want to be in the middle of a wonderful evening, and then suddenly remember you left the computer on, would you? And you'll want to leave the cell phone at home, right? Well then, be sure to double check on your way out the door.
For weeks, you've been trying to get to the heart of a relationship matter -- and for weeks everything that could possibly go wrong along the way has gone wrong. Whether or not it's your loved one's fault, you've been taking it out on them, and it's created a wall between you. Well, it's time to tear it down. Within the next couple of days, you'll see that none of this was their doing.
There's not much you can't do once you put your mind to it. And your mind is certainly spinning now because you've suddenly been struck with quite the urge to get really, really close to someone. Don't even try to avoid it, because absolutely nothing else will pacify you -- you'll go after what you want and get it. Sweetly and with no complaints. That's just how you get things done.
You may need to do some impromptu counseling this afternoon, so prepare yourself. The heavens have arranged for a good dose of jealousy to circulate around you, so if you're not directly involved in the fray, consider helping whoever is -- especially if it's obvious they need it. Not everyone has a doctorate in relationships like you clearly do, and now's the time to put your studies to work.
One-on-one relationships are your specialty. So when situations make it impossible to get in touch with someone -- say, for example, the chain of events you've been dealing with for the past several days -- it's especially frustrating for you. It might even cause you to be less than pleasant, which really takes some doing. Fortunately, this period of confusion and miscommunication is almost over. Can you be nice for just a couple more days?
If you know you should get into contact with a certain someone, do it sooner rather than later. Over the next few days, even the most routine conversations will be difficult to arrange. Hey, it's a great day. Why not spend it on the phone or with someone you've been wanting to get together with? Take this opportunity while you can, because it won't last forever.
Forget about keeping quiet. You're feeling that the time has officially come to let the cat out of the bag. You may, however, need to wait just a day or two before you can say everything you've been holding back. It won't be easy, but it will be your best bet. In the meantime, get your facts straight and be sure you're ready for any and all reactions to your revelations.
A mixed bag of energies is circulating in the heavens above you. On tap, for example, are a nice, grounded dose of stability, a heady potion tailor-made for romance and a collaboration between two particular planets determined to get you worrying about whether your sweetie is being faithful. Sure, it sounds a bit confusing, but it's going to make for an unpredictable day -- which, of course, is exactly what you love best.
If there's anything you're astrologically equipped for, it's listening. You're a born counselor, and your sympathy and wisdom know no bounds. You'll be putting those traits to good use over the weekend, and helping a lot of loved ones with them, too. Of course, this isn't a first -- you've been that person others turn to for a long time. Just don't get so good at counseling you forget about your own needs.
You know the expression, 'Hurry up and wait'? Well, that's exactly what you'll be doing for the next couple of days. It's aggravating for everyone, but in your case, you have to be especially careful when it comes to money matters. Don't sign anything at all, even if it seems like a sure thing. Today, there's no such thing. Keep a careful eye on your wallet and your plastic, too.
With the possible exception of some fireworks on the job, you'll have a fine time today. So if jealousy or resentment comes up, don't feed any of your valuable energy into it, and it will go away. It's a waste of time because right now you're particularly set up for romance, passion and a renewed closeness to the ones you love. Better try to sneak some rest after work, because it's probably going to be a late one
A dear one who's been trying to handle a tough situation alone will finally work up the courage to come to you and ask for your help. No fair scolding them for not asking sooner -- even if you really want to. Listen to them, do what you can and make it clear by your response that, next time, they can come to you as soon as the fireworks start -- not after the oohs and aahs.
The activity level of the day may be low, but that doesn't mean your mind won't be working in high gear! Stimulation isn't a requirement for excitement. In fact, all the energy you need is already inside of you. It's your choice, how the day unfolds -- if you want to get up and get going, no one will stop you. And if you want to sleep in a bit longer than usual, go for it. You are left to your own devices and your future is entirely up to you.
Today could get a little tricky, but only if you let it. The most important thing you can do is to separate yourself from negative energy, gloomy people, and harmful or depressing circumstances. That means no falling prey to anyone who's jealous, resentful or even plain old whiny. Offer advice, but if someone keeps coming up with reasons why they can't take it, put some distance between you and the bad attitude. Fast.
A whole lot of emotions are in the air, all running rampant -- no, running amok, actually. Fortunately, you're as solid and unwavering as they come, a veritable rock. So when your dear ones come to you with that look of shock and stunned surprise on their faces, do what comes naturally -- what you always do. Listen without interrupting, comfort them and offer your couch for the night.
The confusion and miscommunications of late are about to end soon. Of course, changes aren't always immediate, and it's going to be a couple of days until everything gets completely straightened out. This means you'll need to be patient with a certain person, but fortunately, that's your specialty. Good thing, huh?
You'll be in the unique position of yielding to your elders today, and it may feel weird at first. So if you find yourself in the position of backing down from a dispute with an authority figure -- don't feel bad about it. Be proud of your wisdom and your ability to design to the sagacity of others. Respect is a quality that's earned, and someday you'll be the experienced leader.
It's been quite the week, and there's more to come. It's all going to happen just in time to make it a warm and wonderful weekend, too. If you're attached, you'll want some quality time alone with your partner, no doubt. If you're not, get out there and resume the hunt. That perfect person is looking for you, too -- but not in the usual places. Think sophistication: art, music and beautiful, quiet places.
Despite someone's efforts to dissuade you, what you're still after, first and foremost, is quiet time. You don't want any noise, confusion or ruckus from the maddening crowd. Right now, silence is the only thing you want to hear. That, and maybe the sound of running water -- either nice, hot and bubbling into your tub, or crisp, cold and flowing down the side of a tranquil mountain. Either way, enjoy!
Take care when dealing with other people today. Listen to their suggestions with an open mind and let them vent their frustrations without offering up your own opinion. Not everyone around you will agree on the right way to go about doing things, but luckily you should find all this contention inspiring! You might even find a creative new approach to a persistent, unresolved problem.
You're doing your best to navigate an emotional minefield blindfolded. No one -- absolutely no one -- seems willing to guide you. But you don't need them. Distract yourself any way you can. Try to remember that time really does heal all wounds and that you have your own life to live. In other words, make your plans with confidence. Your loved ones will get over it. Or not. Either way, remember you can only do so much and move on.
You've had it with delays, roadblocks, interruptions and all the rest of those interesting do-not-pass-go situations the universe has gleefully tossed in your path for the past several weeks -- or has it been years? Regardless of what you call them, the nuisances are finally coming to an end -- and just in the nick of time. Still, give it a day or two before you try to make plans you actually want to keep.
There's definitely something to be said for keeping quiet when you have a wonderful secret -- you know, the kind that keeps you grinning and staring out the window when you're supposed to be working. Still, no one's saying it's going to be easy to bite your tongue. So if you absolutely must say something to someone, why not talk to your best friend? Remember, just your best friend, no one else.
You've had quite the time over the past few days -- the past few weeks, even. You can take a breath now, however, because the heavens have arranged a break in the action. And you're probably quite happy to hear about that. The higher-ups you've been dealing with lately are probably relieved, too, because if anyone can be stubborn, you can. Fortunately, they're fond of you.
Finally, at long last, the nonstop communication snafus you've been dealing with are coming to an end -- just not quite yet. For today, in fact, things could still be just a little difficult. Now, don't get upset. Sure, it's been tough. But if you can hold on for a just a couple more days, it will be smooth sailing from here on out. In the meantime, distract yourself. You'll think of something.
If anyone can say what's on their mind in a succinct fashion, it's you. So now that you're feeling chatty, your friends won't quite know what to make of you. Well, don't give them a chance to think about it. Keep talking. It's about time you said what's on your mind and got some answers to those questions, too. While you're at it, break out that phone card you've been toting around.
Think things have been confusing lately? You've got another thing coming today. A cryptic message will throw your world into a tailspin -- just what you don't need. Before you get angry and demand the sender's intentions, sit with these words for a while. If you concentrate on them long enough and determine what episode from your past it reminds you of, you will probably discover its meaning before the end of the day.
If someone strikes you as not quite on the up-and-up, don't try to talk yourself out of it. Your antennae are consistently pretty keen, but at the moment, they'll be especially accurate. That means no matter what anyone else says, trust your gut first and foremost. And if a certain story doesn't seem quite right, go ahead and do some digging. The real facts won't be hard to find.
